001 Success registration
1. Open main page
2. Enter valid name in Username field
3. Enter valid email in Email field
4. Enter valid password in Password field (must contain 12 characters)
5. Click on the registration confirmation button "Sign up in OurApp"

ER
Registration is success. There is message "Hello <Username>, your feed is empty."


002 Success sign out
Precondition
Account is created. User is logged into the account.

Steps
1. Click on the "Sign Out" button

ER
Sign out is success. There is "Sign In" button


003 Success unique public post creation
Precondition
Account is created. User is logged into the account. Main account page is opened.

Steps
1. Click on the "Create post" button
2. Enter text in "Title" field
3. Enter text in "Body Content" field
4. Click the check mark in the "Is this post unique" check box
5. Select a public message from the "Select value" pop-up window
6. Click on the "Save New Post" button

ER
Post creating is success. There is message "New post successfully created."
Created title and content are showed. There are "Note: This post was written for All Users" and "Is this post unique? : yes" notes on opened page


004 Success post edition (title change of unique public post)
Precondition
Account is created. User is logged into the account. Main account page is opened. Unique public post is created.

Steps
1. Click on the "My profile" button
2. Click on exist post
3. Click on the "Edit" button
4. Enter new text in title field
5. Click the check mark in the "Is this post unique" check box
6. Select a public message from the "Select value" pop-up window
7. Click on the "Save Updates" button

ER
Updating is success. There is message "Post successfully updated."


005 Success stop following
Precondition
Account is created. User is logged into the account. User has following. Main account page is opened.

Steps
1. Click on the "Following" button
2. Click on following user
3. Click on the "Stop following" button

ER
Stop following is success. There is message "Successfully stopped following <Username>."


