001 New User Registration Check
Preconditions:
1. Go to the https://qa-complexapp.onrender.com/
2. Verify Valid Credentials for the "Registration" form:
- non-existent in the system username (min 3 characters, max 30 characters, can only contain letters and numbers):
f.e. test 12345
- non-existent in the system email (f.e. zipsutefya@gufum.com)
- password (at least 12 characters): f.e. Password_0987
STR:
1. Find the registration form on the page
2. Fill in the required fields with valid value
3. Click on the submit button
ER:
1. The system creates the new user.
2. The system shows to him page with next elements in the header: user's name, profile icon, Sign Out button.
3. The system sent a welcome "Email" to the user's Email box.

002 Checking the functionality of the Login form
Preconditions:
1. Go to the https://qa-complexapp.onrender.com/
2. Verify Valid Credentials for the "Login" form:
- an existing user in the system (f.e. test111222)
- a valid value in the "Password" field (f.e. Password_0123)
STR:
1. Find the login form in the header
2. Fill in the form with valid value
3. Click on the submit button
ER:
The system shows to user the page with next elements in the header: user's name, profile icon, Sign Out button.

003 User profile verification
Preconditions:
1. Go to the https://qa-complexapp.onrender.com/
2. Login as an existing user into the system (f.e. username: test111222, password:Password_0123)
STR:
1. Find the avatar of the user's profile in the header
2. Click on the avatar
ER:
The system shows:
1. The avatar of the user
2. User's name
3. Next profile navigation tabs with clickable link and counters:
- Posts
- Followers
- Following
4. The system doesn't display the counter if the user hasn't posts, followers and follows
5. List of post group items with clickable links to the corresponding post

004 Checking Post Creation functionality
Preconditions:
1. Go to the https://qa-complexapp.onrender.com/
2. Login as an existing user into the system (f.e. username: test111222, password:Password_0123)
STR:
1. Find the create post button in the header
2. Click on the button
3. Fill in required fields
4. Mark the uniquePost checkbox
5. Select value from the dropdown
6. Click on the submit button
ER:
1. The system successfully created new post
2. The system shows:
- alert success
- title of the post
- "Edit" button
- "Delete" button
- user's avatar
- "Posted by" with clickable link and relevant date
- Note
- "Is this post unique?" with correspondent value
- body of the post with correspondent value


005 Checking Search functionality with existing value
Precondition:
1. The user is authorized on the https://qa-complexapp.onrender.com/
2. The "Complex app for testing - QA" page is opened.
Steps:
1. Click on the "Search" button on the header bar
2. Enter a valid search term  (1 character, 2 characters, single keyword, two keywords)
ER:
1. The loader is displayed.
2. The system shows relevant results on the List of post group items with clickable links to the corresponding post.
Post-condition: Delete a value from the "Search" field




