TestCase001: Create new user in the system

Steps:
    1. Enter the correct  e.g: "Kostia" into the "username" input on the registration form
    2. Enter the correct email e.g: "kostia@test.com" into the "email" input on the registration form
    3. Enter the correct password e.g: "kostia12345" into the "password" input on the registration form
    4. Click the "submit" button type on the registration form

ER: User with correct data created in the system. User sees the empty feed and "Create post" and "Sign out" buttons.
    The entered on the "Step 1" username is shown on the header.


TestCase002: Login to the system via username and password

Pre-conditions: User "Kostia" exits in the system(Username: "kostia" Password: kostia123456).
                if "Kostia" user isn't exists in the system create new user.(TestCase001)
                User has no one following users

Steps:
    1. Enter the user's username into the "Username" field on the header
    2. Enter the user's password into the "Password" field on the header
    3. Click the login button on the header

ER: User sees the "Sign out" and "Create Post" button. User sees the feed without any posts.


TestCase003: Sign out from the system

Pre-conditions: Log in the system by "Kostia" user (Username: "kostia" Password: kostia123456),
                if "Kostia" user isn't exists in the system create new user.(TestCase001)

Steps:
    1. Click the "Sign Out" button on the header

ER: User sees the main page, user sees the "Sign In" and "Sign up for OurApp" buttons, registration form,
    "Username" and "Password" field on the header.


TestCase004: Create a unique public post

Pre-conditions:  Log in the system by "Kostia" user (Username: "Kostia" Password: kostia123456),
                 if "Kostia" user isn't exists in the system create new user.(TestCase001)

Steps:
    1. Click the "Create Post" button
    2. Enter a unique post title on the "Title" field
    3. Enter at least one character on the "Body Content" field
    4. Check the "Is this post unique?" checkbox
    5. Select the "Загальнодоступне" value on the "Select value" dropdown
    6. Click the "Save New Post" button

ER: New unique public post is created with entered title on the "Step 2" and entered body content on the "Step 3",
    with correct date and correct author

Post-condtions: Delete created post


TestCase005: Edit the post

Pre-conditions: Log in the system by "Kostia" user (Username: "kostia" Password: kostia123456),
                if "Kostia" user isn't exists in the system create new user.(TestCase001)
                User has at least one created post, if post ins't exists create new post.(TestCase004)

Steps:
    1. Click the "My profile" button on the header
    2. Click on the created post by current user
    3. Click the "Edit button"
    4. Update text on the "Title" field
    5. Update text on the "Body Content" field
    6. Click the submit button

ER: User sees the green toaster with "Post successfully updated" text. On the user profile edited post updated correctly,
    new entered title on the "Step 4" and entered body content on the "Step 4" is shown, correct date and correct author
    is shown on the post info

Post-condtions: Delete edited post


